README.md, before:

Librairie updated for correct lot of bug of ISRAM with ESP8266 and compatible with VS 

exemple of platformio.ini 

[env:d1_mini]

platform = espressif8266

board = d1_mini

framework = arduino

monitor_speed = 115200

lib_deps = https://github.com/xlyric/RBDDimmer



----------------------

<table style="border-collapse: separate;
  border-spacing: 0;
  padding: 5px;">
    <tbody>
    <tr style="background-color: lightblue">
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;"><b>Board</b></td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2"><b>INPUT Pin <br>Zero Cross</b></td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2"><b> OUTPUT Pin</b> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">Leonardo</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D7 (NOT CHANGABLE)</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D6, D8-D13</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">Mega</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D2 (NOT CHANGABLE)</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D1, D3-D70</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" >UNO<br>NANO</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D2 (NOT CHANGABLE)</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D1, D3-D20</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">ESP8266</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >D1(IO5)</li>
                <li >D5(IO14)</li>
                <li >D7(IO13)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >D2(IO4)</li>
                <li >D6(IO12)</li>
                <li >D8(IO15)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >D0(IO16)</li>
                <li >D2(IO4)</li>
                <li >D6(IO12)</li>
                <li >D8(IO15)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >D1(IO5)</li>
                <li >D5(IO14)</li>
                <li >D7(IO13)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">ESP32</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >4(GPI36)</li>
                <li >5(GPI39)</li>
                <li >8(GPO32)</li>
                <li >10(GPI025)</li>
                <li >12(GPIO27)</li>
                <li >14(GPIO12)</li>
                <li >21(GPIO7)</li>
                <li >24(GPIO2)</li>
                <li >26(GPIO4)</li>
                <li >28(GPIO17)</li>
                <li >30(GPIO18)</li>
                <li >33(GPIO21)</li>
                <li >36(GPIO22)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >6(GPI34)</li>
                <li >7(GPI35)</li>
                <li >9(GP033)</li>
                <li >11(GPIO26)</li>
                <li >13(GPIO14)</li>
                <li >16(GPIO13)</li>
                <li >23(GPIO15)</li>
                <li >25(GPIO0)</li>
                <li >27(GPIO16)</li>
                <li >29(GPIO5)</li>
                <li >31(GPIO19)</li>
                <li >35(GPIO1)</li>
                <li >37(GPIO23)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >8(GPO32)</li>
                <li >10(GPIO25)</li>
                <li >12(GPIO27)</li>
                <li >14(GPIO12</li>
                <li >23(GPIO15)</li>
                <li >25(GPIO0)</li>
                <li >27(GPIO16)</li>
                <li >29(GPIO5)</li>
                <li >31(GPIO19)</li>
                <li >34(GPIO3)</li>
                <li >36(GPIO22)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >9(GP033)</li>
                <li >11(GPIO26)</li>
                <li >13(GPIO14)</li>
                <li >16(GPIO13)</li>
                <li >24(GPIO2)</li>
                <li >26(GPIO4)</li>
                <li >28(GPIO17)</li>
                <li >30(GPIO18)</li>
                <li >33(GPIO21)</li>
                <li >35(GPIO1)</li>
                <li >37(GPIO23)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">Arduino M0 <br>Arduino Zero</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D7 (NOT CHANGABLE)</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D6, D8-D13</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;"> Arduino Due</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2"> D0-D53</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D53 </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;"> STM32 <br> Black Pill
            <br> Blue Pill <br> Etc...</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2"> PA0-PA15, PB0-PB15
            <br> PC13-PC15</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">PA0-PA15, PB0-PB15
            <br> PC13-PC15</td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

This library can simplify user code with following functions:

    1. Function dimmerLamp - this function initializes the number of operating pin and is defined by the user
    Example: 
        a.dimmerLamp dimmer(4);    dimmer output DIM/PSM is initialized on the pin 4 for the bords WITHOUT changable ZERO-CROSS input pin (AVR, Arduino M0/Zero)
        b.dimmerLamp dimmer(4, 2);  dimmer output DIM/PSM is initialized on the pin 4 and zero-cross initialized on pin 2. Only for boards whith changable zero-cross(ESP32, ESP8266, Arduino Due)

    2. Function begin port initialization, timer and external interrupt from zero-cross.
    Example:
    dimmer.begin(NORMAL_MODE, ON/OFF); port initialization, work mode choice, ON/OFF. 
    Parameter 1: dimmer working modes consist of two choices - NORMAL_MODE and TOGGLE_MODE 
        a. NORMAL_MODE to make dimmer work in defined value from 0 to 100 (%) (integer)
            Example of this mode located in \RBDdimmer\examples\SimpleDimmer
        b. TOGGLE_MODE smooth change of dimming value up or down in a defined range. This solutions implies change of dimming values by means of hardware timer, without using the cycle code.
            Example of this mode located in \RBDdimmer\examples\SimpleToggleDimmer

    Parameter 2: ON/OFF.
        a. ON - turns timer ON, allows to use dimmer.
        b. OFF - turns timer parameters OFF, prevents the use of dimmer.

    3. Function setPower sets dimming value from 0 to 100%
        Example: dimmer.setPower(90);

    4. Function getPower to display current dimming value
        Example: Serial.print(dimmer.getPower()); Result 0~100 int
   
    5. Function setMode sets and changes the work mode (NORMAL_MODE and TOGGLE_MODE)
                dimmer.setMode(NORMAL_MODE/TOGGLE_MODE)

    6. Function getMode displays values of current work mode
        Example: Serial.print(dimmer.getPower());  Result 0 (NORMAL_MODE) or 1 (TOGGLE_MODE)
   
    7. Function setState sets dimming state ON/OFF
        Example: dimmer.setState(ON); delay(100); dimmer.setState(OFF);
   
    8. Function getState displays current state of dimmer
        Serial.print(dimmer.getState()); Result 0 (OFF) or 1 (ON)
   
    9. Function changeState changes dimmer state to the opposite one 
        Пример dimmer.setState(ON); delay(100); dimmer.changeState; delay(100);
  
    10. Function toggleSettings smooth change of dimming value up or down in a defined range
        Example located in \RBDdimmer\examples\SimpleToggleDimmer

Commit message:

improve precision for esp8266 ( 400 steps )

README.md, after:

Librairie updated for correct lot of bug of ISRAM with ESP8266 and compatible with VS 

exemple of platformio.ini 

[env:d1_mini]

platform = espressif8266

board = d1_mini

framework = arduino

monitor_speed = 115200

lib_deps = https://github.com/xlyric/RBDDimmer



----------------------

<table style="border-collapse: separate;
  border-spacing: 0;
  padding: 5px;">
    <tbody>
    <tr style="background-color: lightblue">
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;"><b>Board</b></td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2"><b>INPUT Pin <br>Zero Cross</b></td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2"><b> OUTPUT Pin</b> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">Leonardo</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D7 (NOT CHANGABLE)</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D6, D8-D13</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">Mega</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D2 (NOT CHANGABLE)</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D1, D3-D70</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" >UNO<br>NANO</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D2 (NOT CHANGABLE)</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D1, D3-D20</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">ESP8266</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >D1(IO5)</li>
                <li >D5(IO14)</li>
                <li >D7(IO13)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >D2(IO4)</li>
                <li >D6(IO12)</li>
                <li >D8(IO15)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >D0(IO16)</li>
                <li >D2(IO4)</li>
                <li >D6(IO12)</li>
                <li >D8(IO15)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >D1(IO5)</li>
                <li >D5(IO14)</li>
                <li >D7(IO13)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">ESP32</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >4(GPI36)</li>
                <li >5(GPI39)</li>
                <li >8(GPO32)</li>
                <li >10(GPI025)</li>
                <li >12(GPIO27)</li>
                <li >14(GPIO12)</li>
                <li >21(GPIO7)</li>
                <li >24(GPIO2)</li>
                <li >26(GPIO4)</li>
                <li >28(GPIO17)</li>
                <li >30(GPIO18)</li>
                <li >33(GPIO21)</li>
                <li >36(GPIO22)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >6(GPI34)</li>
                <li >7(GPI35)</li>
                <li >9(GP033)</li>
                <li >11(GPIO26)</li>
                <li >13(GPIO14)</li>
                <li >16(GPIO13)</li>
                <li >23(GPIO15)</li>
                <li >25(GPIO0)</li>
                <li >27(GPIO16)</li>
                <li >29(GPIO5)</li>
                <li >31(GPIO19)</li>
                <li >35(GPIO1)</li>
                <li >37(GPIO23)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >8(GPO32)</li>
                <li >10(GPIO25)</li>
                <li >12(GPIO27)</li>
                <li >14(GPIO12</li>
                <li >23(GPIO15)</li>
                <li >25(GPIO0)</li>
                <li >27(GPIO16)</li>
                <li >29(GPIO5)</li>
                <li >31(GPIO19)</li>
                <li >34(GPIO3)</li>
                <li >36(GPIO22)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">
            <ul style="list-style-type: none; margin-left: -30px;">
                <li >9(GP033)</li>
                <li >11(GPIO26)</li>
                <li >13(GPIO14)</li>
                <li >16(GPIO13)</li>
                <li >24(GPIO2)</li>
                <li >26(GPIO4)</li>
                <li >28(GPIO17)</li>
                <li >30(GPIO18)</li>
                <li >33(GPIO21)</li>
                <li >35(GPIO1)</li>
                <li >37(GPIO23)</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;">Arduino M0 <br>Arduino Zero</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D7 (NOT CHANGABLE)</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D6, D8-D13</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;"> Arduino Due</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2"> D0-D53</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">D0-D53 </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;"> STM32 <br> Black Pill
            <br> Blue Pill <br> Etc...</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2"> PA0-PA15, PB0-PB15
            <br> PC13-PC15</td>
        <td style="border: 1px solid #bbb; border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb; padding: 10px 15px 10px 15px;" colspan="2">PA0-PA15, PB0-PB15
            <br> PC13-PC15</td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

This library can simplify user code with following functions:

    1. Function dimmerLamp - this function initializes the number of operating pin and is defined by the user
    Example: 
        a.dimmerLamp dimmer(4);    dimmer output DIM/PSM is initialized on the pin 4 for the bords WITHOUT changable ZERO-CROSS input pin (AVR, Arduino M0/Zero)
        b.dimmerLamp dimmer(4, 2);  dimmer output DIM/PSM is initialized on the pin 4 and zero-cross initialized on pin 2. Only for boards whith changable zero-cross(ESP32, ESP8266, Arduino Due)

    2. Function begin port initialization, timer and external interrupt from zero-cross.
    Example:
    dimmer.begin(NORMAL_MODE, ON/OFF); port initialization, work mode choice, ON/OFF. 
    Parameter 1: dimmer working modes consist of two choices - NORMAL_MODE and TOGGLE_MODE 
        a. NORMAL_MODE to make dimmer work in defined value from 0 to 100 (%) (integer)
            Example of this mode located in \RBDdimmer\examples\SimpleDimmer
        b. TOGGLE_MODE smooth change of dimming value up or down in a defined range. This solutions implies change of dimming values by means of hardware timer, without using the cycle code.
            Example of this mode located in \RBDdimmer\examples\SimpleToggleDimmer

    Parameter 2: ON/OFF.
        a. ON - turns timer ON, allows to use dimmer.
        b. OFF - turns timer parameters OFF, prevents the use of dimmer.

    3. Function setPower sets dimming value from 0 to 100%
        Example: dimmer.setPower(90);
        The value can be a float and the precision is improved for ESP8266 ( up to 400 steps )

    4. Function getPower to display current dimming value
        Example: Serial.print(dimmer.getPower()); Result 0~100 int
   
    5. Function setMode sets and changes the work mode (NORMAL_MODE and TOGGLE_MODE)
                dimmer.setMode(NORMAL_MODE/TOGGLE_MODE)

    6. Function getMode displays values of current work mode
        Example: Serial.print(dimmer.getPower());  Result 0 (NORMAL_MODE) or 1 (TOGGLE_MODE)
   
    7. Function setState sets dimming state ON/OFF
        Example: dimmer.setState(ON); delay(100); dimmer.setState(OFF);
   
    8. Function getState displays current state of dimmer
        Serial.print(dimmer.getState()); Result 0 (OFF) or 1 (ON)
   
    9. Function changeState changes dimmer state to the opposite one 
        Пример dimmer.setState(ON); delay(100); dimmer.changeState; delay(100);
  
    10. Function toggleSettings smooth change of dimming value up or down in a defined range
        Example located in \RBDdimmer\examples\SimpleToggleDimmer
